# Milestone I Submission

## Team Name
DigitalIT

## Proposed Level of Achievement
Apollo

## Motivation
Digitalizing one's business is often regarded as the most fundamental thing we should do in today's world. From setting up a seller account in Instagram, Facebook, Shoppee, hiring influencers to review and promote our products and services, using online finance and banking tools in keeping track of our business performance - the list is never ending!

Yet the abundant digital resources that are scattering in the App Store seem to have left those with the least knowledge and experience in the online market with confusion. Particularly in Indonesia, where you could find almost every app for any needs. There are so many choices, and ultimately, we are left with decision questions: Where should I set up my seller profile? Tokopedia? Shoppee? Instagram? Facebook? or _maybe_, Tinder?! Should I just choose everything? But how do I manage all those accounts??

We are determined to help answers those questions. Just as the PwC, McKinsey and BCG to giant corporations in the world, we aim to be a personal consultant to these small business owners. We are trying to integrate the consulting services into our end product, perhaps testing on how machine learning could help in decision making process. Once we are able to do so, this web application could potentially automate the business consulting practice.

## Vision
DigitalIT will be a web application focusing on making decisions and generating recommendations on growth strategy based on the user's business profile and condition. We are starting from basic feature such as determining suitable e-commerce platform based on the business categories (fashion, electronics or culinary). But ultimately, we are aiming for DigitalIT to be able to generate much more advanced recommendations - similar to those generated by professional business consultants.

## User Stories
1. As a business owner, I want to grow my business.
2. As a business owner, I want to digitalize my business.
3. As a business owner, I want to know how to digitalize my business.
4. As a business owner, I want to know what digital tools are the best for my business.
5. As a business owner, I want to gain insights from my business performance.
6. As a business owner, I want to make decision based on my current business performance.
7. As a business owner, I want to know the best strategies to grow my business indefinitely.
8. As a business owner, I want to have a web application that I can use intuitively without being confused.

## User Profiling
### User Profile
- Age: 10 - 15 or > 45, particularly those with limited knowledge in digital business
- Gender: any
- Location: Indonesia
- Occupation: small business owner
- Characteristic: generally unable to afford any external consulting services and must rely on one self
- Motivations:
  * Grow their business, especially in the digital aspect, to increase profit
  * Achieving this through making sound decisions and implementing relevant strategies
  * Gaining satisfaction and feeling empowered from successfully increasing their business sales

### Drawing from Examples
- Acquaintances who have relevant experiences in digitalizing business -> business owners usually ask for free advices from their peers who are deemed to be more senior in the digital field
- Friends and family -> business owners usually ask the people they trust to help setting up and maintaining their seller accounts
- McKinsey & Company, Boston Consulting Group, E&Y -> these are reputable consulting companies that help their clients make sound decisions

### Summary
We have identified two layers of motivation in our users, translating to two long-term focus areas in our value proposition.

**Motivation**
1. Digitalize their business
2. Grow their business

**Focus areas**
1. Recommendation on suitable tools in digitalizing their business
2. Track their business performance and generate growth strategies

## Scope of Project
DigitalIT is a web application that acts as personal business consultant for business owners. Users can enter their business particulars and there will be generated recommendation that they can choose to implement. As their business gradually grow, users can update their business data and DigitalIT will continue to generate strategies that they could follow.

DigitalIT features are outlined in the following sections, organised by the following tags:
- **Proposed** - features for Minimum Viable Product (MVP) by Splashdown
- **Current Progress** - elaboration on current progress of specific features
- **Additional Features** - Add-on features to improve after MVP is completed

## Features

### Sign up and log in

**Proposed** - users can access their account by several procedures:
1. Sign up
2. Log in
3. Forgot password

**Current Progress** - we have finished the design of Sign up, Log in and Forgot password pages using Figma. Currently we have the working form of Sign up and Log in with basic styling.

**Additional Features** - users can read and agree on these pages before signing up:
1. Terms and conditions
2. Privacy policy

### Entering business particulars and data

**Proposed** - a form that enable users to key in business information such as:
1. Business name
2. Focus area or categories
3. Current progress of digitalization
4. Products and services information such as types, prices, COGS and markup
5. Financial report (users can input their sales performance)
6. Inventory (goods condition, expiry date, cost)

This is the very first task that the users need to complete in order to be able to use our service. This data will then be stored in DigitalIT database and will be used to generate insights and recommended strategies.

**Current Progress** - a form that enable users to key in business information such as:
1. Business name
2. Focus area or categories

**Additional Feature** - improve the user experience and accuracy of the data by adding functionality to accomodate for:
1. Automatic integration of data, if the users have previously stored their business financial data in other applications such as Microsoft Excel, Buku Kas and other bookkeeping applications
2. Automatic integration of products, services and inventory available, if the users have already keyed in similar information in e-commerce platforms
3. Traffic data from platforms such as social media and e-commerce

### Personalized business recommendation

**Proposed** - based on the provided information, we can generate recommendations for:
1. E-commerce platform
3. Financial tools, such as digital banking and bookkeeping application
4. Social media
5. Strategies and next steps to be taken

The recommendations will be updated indefinitely to suit the business condition that changes from time to time, which in turn will be reflected once the users update their data. The recommendations will also require users to update their progress, such as telling DigitalIT which platforms they decide to use and the sales generated from each platform. Ultimately, the concept will follow a mission-based game system, in which users are required to continue on hitting each milestones before moving on to the next part.

**Current Progress** - we are providing basic recommendation on e-commerce platform based on the business type using dropdowns menu and simple if-else algorithm.

**Additional Feature** - we are hoping to integrate machine learning into our algorithm to allow for more precised recommendations to enchance business in aspects such as digital marketing and pricing strategies. For example, DigitalIT will be able to retrieve information on prices of similar products offered by our users and recommend on suitable pricing tiers to optimize profit.

### Tracking business performance

**Proposed** - based on the provided financial data, we can automatically generate insights such as:
1. Current revenue, cost and profit
2. Comparison of growth progress (weekly, monthly or yearly)
3. FInancial ratio analysis that determine the liquidity, solvency and profitability of a business

The generated result will be in a easy-to-understand charts and tables, as we want to cater for business owners who might not understand these definitions. In addition, we will also provide a simple interpretation such as, "Your business is doing great!" or "Your growth is declining."

**Current Progress** - we have yet to bring this feature into realization. However, we have obtained the knowledge to perform this financial calculations.

**Additional Feature** - we are hoping to increase functionality by bringing these features:
1. Ready to download PDF or Excel file of the financial report and analysis
2. Tax report based on the financial data
3. Financial ratio analysis that determine the efficiency and market prospects of a business

### Other features

**Proposed**
1. Need Help section for users to key in their difficulties regarding the web application itself or other aspects of their business that is not yet covered by DigitalIT functionality. The response generated will be based on manual observation.

**Current Progress** - we have completed the design for Need Help section on Figma, but have yet to build the working technical proof.

**Additional Feature**
1. Review and Discussion section for users to key in their concerns and issues with the recommended platforms or other general topics. Users can communicate with other users in this section, creating an "asking for an advice" environment.
2. Ideation section for users who have yet to build their business. This section will help users in decision making process from scratch.

## Timeline and Development Plan
| MS |	Task	| Description	| Person In-Charge |	Date |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
||	Preliminary research on business digitalization needs and tools |	Familiarize with available e-commerce platforms and digital banking or financial tools available in Indonesia |	Arsyad & Floren |	10 – 15 May |
||	Grand design of the web application |	Map the overall system, such as integration between user, frontend, backend and database |	Arsyad	| 16 – 22 May |
||| Design the user flow and Figma prototype |	Floren	|
| 1 | Basic realization of web application that works on localhost	| Build the frontend display to enable basic features such as Sign In and Log In and navigation between pages |	Floren |	23 – 25 May |
|||	Build the backend framework, such as controllers, middleware, routes and server	| Arsyad	|
|||	Build the Dashboard for users to key in the business information and simple recommendation generation	| Floren	| 26 – 29 May |
|||	Set up the database of DigitalIT and testing of sending and posting user data	| Arsyad	|

### Evaluation Milestone 1 (30 May)
**Ideation**
- [Poster](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rX7za62RaUTeCFa2GgRoqO3HT0qqB9Qb/view?usp=sharing)
- [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1g17o1f-4Qixqsoz_eJqggDwQwcF2iJJA/view?usp=sharing)
- [Figma prototype](https://www.figma.com/proto/VXxKDwZek0VMqg2x39RwPr/DigitalIT-Orbital?node-id=46%3A40&scaling=scale-down&page-id=46%3A38&starting-point-node-id=46%3A40)

**Proof of concept**
- Web application that can run on localhost for users to test out.

**Work log**
- Refer to this spreadsheet.
